Describe ItemCollection and CollectionCollection (#1290)
radiantearth/stac-spec: collection-spec/README.md

Implementors are encouraged to do what makes sense for them, and to check out the [examples](../examples/) and 
[other implementations](https://stacindex.org/catalogs) for current best practices.

> 
> ## Generic Collection of Collections
> 
> In some cases, a set of Collections must be grouped together in a unique file such as in the response
> of the [collections search in a catalog](https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-api-spec/tree/release/v1.0.0/ogcapi-features#collections-collections).
> When a set of Items must be grouped together in unique file, the [CollectionCollection](https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-api-spec/blob/604ade6158de15b8ab068320ca41e25e2bf0e116/ogcapi-features/openapi-collections.yaml#L121)
> structure as defined in STAC API must be used.

Reviewer: I think I'd tone this down a bit:

```suggestion
> \[!NOTE]
> In cases where a set of Collections is grouped together (e.g. for providing search results),
> the [CollectionCollection](https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-api-spec/blob/604ade6158de15b8ab068320ca41e25e2bf0e116/ogcapi-features/openapi-collections.yaml#L121)
object has been defined in the STAC API specification.
```

In was wondering whether we should create a fragment similar to the ItemCollection an link to that...

Author: in STAC API spec?

Reviewer: Yes. Alongside the ItemCollection

Author: Ok will do the pr in api

Reviewer: Had some spare time, here's the PR https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-api-spec/pull/448 @emmanuelmathot 
Once merged we can update/add links to this PR.
